Questions:
1. Run your app on your API 16 emulation. Examine the notifications by pulling down the
notification bar. Which class are they from and do they indicate existing application state or
not?

They are from Main Activity and they indicate which methods and states have been run.

2. Dismiss the current notifications at this point so you don’t get confused. Press Ctrl+F11 to
rotate the Android and examine the system notifications again. In what order were the
lifecycle methods that you instrumented called?

OnPause, OnSavedInstanceState, OnStop , onCreate With state, viewHierarchyState, OnStart  

3. Do you notice anything odd about the notifications you posted from onCreate? What keys
indicating state information are stored in the Bundle passed to onCreate? It’s not anything
you stored in the Bundle, so can you guess what that content represents?

viewHierarchyState which probably checks the hierarchy of the app and whether things rotate or not .

4. Rotate back. Clear the notifications. Enter a name and press the Take Survey button. Enter an
age and press Submit, taking you back to your main activity. Was your activity re-created
this time? How do you know? 

No create method was called

5. Clear the notifications. Press the Goto Website button and share the page with your App.
What does the content of your main screen, along with the system notifications, tell you
about this instance of your app?

It was closed after I left to the website, and was re-created when I chose to share to it. 

6. Press the Android back button. Where does that take you?

Back to the website

Press it again. Where are you now?

Back at my app

Press it again. Where are you now?

Back at the main menu
 
Does all of that make sense to you? 
Yes 
 
7. Repeat the experiment in step 5, making sure that the First Name field contains an entry
before going to the website. This time, after sharing the page back to your app, press the
Android recent apps button. Does the list of recent apps match what you would expect given
your previous results from steps 5 and 6? 

No browser and I see my app with my name, so kind of unexpected

Press the Android home button, and then press the
recent apps button again? Now does it match your expectations? Note carefully the app
names in addition to the app pictures.

Yes it has the browser and the first launched app.